---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "neo4jaura_instance Resource - neo4jaura"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Aura instance
---

# neo4jaura_instance (Resource)

Aura instance



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name if the instance
- `project_id` (String) Id of the project
- `region` (String) Region of the instance

### Optional

- `cdc_enrichment_mode` (String) CDC enrichment mode. One of [OFF, DIFF, FULL]
- `cloud_provider` (String) Cloud provider. One of [gcp, aws, azure]
- `graph_analytics_plugin` (Boolean) The graph analytics plugin configuration of the instance.
- `memory` (String) Memory allocated for the instance. One of [1GB,2GB,4GB,8GB,16GB,24GB,32GB,48GB,64GB,128GB,192GB,256GB,384GB,512GB]
- `secondaries_count` (Number) The number of secondaries in an Instance. (VDC only)
- `source` (Attributes) Information about source for the instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))
- `status` (String) Status of the instance. One of [creating, destroying, running, pausing, paused, suspending, suspended, resuming, loading, loading failed, restoring, updating, overwriting]
- `storage` (String) Storage allocated to the instance. One of [2GB, 4GB, 8GB, 16GB, 32GB, 48GB, 64GB, 96GB, 128GB, 192GB, 256GB, 384GB, 512GB, 768GB, 1024GB, 1536GB, 2048GB]
- `type` (String) Type of the instance. Depend on your project configuration. One of [enterprise-db, enterprise-ds, professional-db, professional-ds, free-db, business-critical]
- `vector_optimized` (Boolean) The vector optimization configuration of the instance
- `version` (String) Version of Neo4j. One of [5]

### Read-Only

- `connection_url` (String) Bolt connection URL to the instance database
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the instance was created
- `graph_nodes` (Number) Number of nodes in the graph (free-db only)
- `graph_relationships` (Number) Number of relationships in the graph (only for free-db)
- `instance_id` (String) Id of the instance
- `metrics_integration_url` (String) Metrics integration endpoint URL
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the instance database
- `username` (String) Username of the instance database

<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Required:

- `instance_id` (String) Instance Id that contains the source database of the instance

Optional:

- `snapshot_id` (String) Snapshot Id of the instance containing the source database of the instance
